what is up guys pure here Bradley
d'oeuvres or legacy I would like to
thank his old for the amazing response
we got for our teen Taj we said if we
got 150 likes we will hold an icy and we
are currently on 179 so yeah so four
players put your clan tag is X will only
be accepting feeders no truck shudders
it is many clips as you can with the
clan tag you can also throw in a few
extra of your best clips without the
clan tag follow your coach together in
one video with no editing if you have
ghost clips you will be a preferred
player because it is the new cod but it
will be on all quads so hit when you can
and yeah good luck so for the editors
you must use as our intro and edit you
also must use Eclipse provided in the
discussion be creative with these edits
guys more seasoned unique stuff yeah ok
guys so for the gfx LA I and PSD file
within the description make your entry
creative
we don't see any copied styles and like
that posted as a speeder yeah
Oh